{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman CG Times (W1);}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f3\fswiss Swiss II;}{\f4\froman zapf humanist;}{\f5\fswiss Swiss;}{\f6\froman Dutch;}{\f7\fswiss Swiss Black;}
{\f8\fswiss Swiss Light;}{\f9\fnil AvantGarde;}{\f10\fswiss Helvetica-Narrow;}{\f11\fmodern Courier;}{\f12\froman Times New Roman;}{\f13\fswiss Arial;}{\f14\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f15\fswiss Helv;}{\f16\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f17\froman Times;}
{\f18\fnil Grafitti;}{\f19\fnil Stencil;}{\f20\fnil Wingdings;}{\f21\fnil Tiffany;}{\f22\fnil Mistral;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\s228\li2880\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\li2160\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 \sbasedon231\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\li720 
\f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext0 toc 1;}{\s237\li720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{\s238\li360 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s241\sb302\sa122 \b\f13\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 \b\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext242 footer;}{
\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext243 header;}{\s244 \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s250\sb340 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 
\sbasedon252\snext16 heading 5;}{\s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext4 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl 4}heading 4;}{\s252\sb340\keepn \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext11 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl 3}heading 3;}{\s253\sb362\sa43\keepn 
\b\f13\fs36\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext252 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl 2}heading 2;}{\s254\sb962\sa1682 \b\f13\fs48\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext253 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl 1}heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li720\sb115\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760 \f13\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext2 SourceTop;}{\s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 RelatedHead;}{
\s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext4 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl L}List;}{\s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon4\snext5 ListTable;}{\s6\ri432\sb122 \i\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 Caption;}{\s7\sb115 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext7 BodyTable;}{\s8 \b\f13\fs48\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext8 TOCTitle;}{\s9\qr\sb242\sa722 \b\f13\fs72\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext9 Title;}{\s10\qr \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 ByLine;}{\s11\sb115 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext11 {\*\keycode \shift\ctrl B}Body;}{\s12\li720\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\tx7920\tx8280 \f13\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon254\snext12 Source;}{\s13\li720\sb158\sa158\sl259 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 Figures;}{\s14\sb158\sa158\sl259 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon13\snext14 FiguresTable;}{\s15\sa300 \i\f13\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon251\snext15 FigureDesc;}{
\s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon11\snext16 Definition;}{\s17\li720\sb115\sa40 \b\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext17 CodeExplained;}{\s18\li72\ri72\sb60\sa60 \b\f13\fs22\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext18 TableHeading;}{\s19\li72\ri72\sb40\sa40 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext19 TableText;}{\s20\sb115 \i\f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon11\snext20 Warning;}{\s21\qr\li1440\sb960\brdrt\brdrth\brdrw60\brsp20 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext21 SuperTitle;}{\s22\li720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon231\snext22 GlossaryTerm;}{\s23\qj\fi360\li1080\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon255\snext23 Normal Indent 2;}{\s24\fi-360\li1080\sb115\tx1080 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon4\snext24 List2;}{\s25\fi-360\li1080\sb115\tx1080 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon24\snext25 List2Table;}{\s26\qj\fi360\sb60\sa60 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext26 Generic Body Text;}}{\info{\title GUIDE TO USING GrpIcon 2.0}{\author Darrin Taylor}{\operator Darrin Taylor}{\creatim\yr1993\mo4\dy1\min35}
{\revtim\yr1993\mo4\dy1\min44}{\version4}{\edmins10}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords4820}{\nofchars27450}{\vern16433}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1080\margr720\margt2160\margb2880\gutter0 \facingp\widowctrl\ftnbj\margmirror {\*\template D:\\WRD2\\D2H_HELP.DOT}
\sectd \binfsxn1\binsxn1\sbkodd\linex0\headery504\endnhere {\footerl \pard\plain \s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 \b\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\field{\*\fldinst page}{\fldrslt 3}}  \tab 
{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst Title}{\fldrslt GUIDE TO USING GrpIcon 2.0}}1
\par }{\footerr \pard\plain \s242\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tqc\tx4680\tqr\tx9360 \b\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst Title}{\fldrslt GUIDE TO USING GrpIcon 2.0}}1\tab   {\field{\*\fldinst page}{\fldrslt 3}}
\par }\pard\plain \s8 \b\f13\fs48\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs48\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HelpContents1}} {\plain \f13\fs48\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Help Contents}} 
{\plain \f13\fs48\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help Contents;Contents}} \{bmc help0001.bmp\}GrpIcon 2.01 Contents
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Overview
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 GrpIcon 2.01{\v GrpIcon2.01.2}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Installing GrpIcon 2.01
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Installation{\v Install}{\v ation.3}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Using GrpIcon 2.01
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 How to Use GrpIcon{\v HowtoUseGrpIcon.5}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Customizing Program Manager Groups
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Assigning Group Icons{\v AssigningGroupIcons.13}
\par Setting Wallpaper Background{\v SettingWallpaperBackground.14}
\par Changing Background Colors in Group Windows{\v ChangingBackgroundColorsinGroupWindows.15}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Other GrpIcon Features
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Inner-City Software Icon Library{\v Inner.CitySoftwareIconLibrary.16}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 Registering GrpIcon
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 How to Register{\v HowtoRegister.17}
\par \pard\plain \s232\sb240\sa120 \b\f13\lang1033 About Inner-City Software
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Who We Are{\v WhoWeAre.19}
\par Other Inner-City Software Product Offerings{\v OtherInner.CitySoftwareProductOfferings.20}
\par Product Catalog{\v ProductCatalog.21}
\par Mailing List{\v MailingList.22}
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GrpIcon2.01.2}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} GrpIcon 2.01}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} GrpIcon 2.01}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION1:0000}}
 GrpIcon 2.01
\par \pard\plain \qc \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \i\f13\lang1033 "}{\ul Group Icon}{\v\ul GlossGroupIcon.36}{\plain \i\f13\lang1033  software, What a Great Idea!"
\par }\pard \tx5040 {\i \tab }-Linda Mercer,  Cary, IL{\i 
\par }\pard {\b\fs48  }{\f17 
\par }\pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f13\lang1033 GrpIcon is a simple little utility for Microsoft Windows}{\plain \f13\up6\lang1033 \'99}{\plain \f13\lang1033 
 3.x  that allows you to visually customize your Windows Program Manager by associating icons to your Program Groups to replace the default Group Icon which all Groups otherwise display. The icons make Windows Program M}{\plain \f13\lang1033 
anager easier to use, especially if you have many Program Manager Groups. GrpIcon reads icons from just about any Windows file that can contain icons, including files with the extensions ICO, EXE, DLL, DRV, IL, NIL and ICL. 
\par }\pard \s11\qc\sb115 {\plain \i\f13\lang1033 "I have 'test driven' the program and find myself most impressed with the appearance of my WINDOWS group icons."
\par }\tab - Charles J. Keller - Glen Burnie, MD
\par {\plain \i\f13\lang1033 "This is a really neat program which sure makes distinguishing the program groups easier."
\par }- Jim Whitworth - Dallas TX
\par {\plain \i\f13\lang1033 "I find it }{\plain \i\f13\lang1033 both useful and well designed."
\par }- Michael Robinson - Rancho Palos Verdes, CA
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Installation.3}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Installation}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Installation;go}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION2:0000}}
 Installation
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The install process for GrpIcon is simple.  
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab Insert Install disk in disk drive
\par 2.\tab In Program Manager or File Manager, select File/Run (Alt F,R)
\par 3.\tab In the RUN dialog box type: A:SETUP
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc help0002.bmp\}
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 4.\tab 
The GrpIcon setup program will scan to confirm space requirements for installation and begin the install process.  At this time you will be asked to select the directory in which GrpIcon is to be installed.
\par 5.\tab After the program files are copied setup will ask if you want to setup GrpIcon in a preexisting group or create a new group.  It will also ask if you want GrpIcon to be run at Windows startup
\par 6.\tab Setup will confirm successful installation.  
\par {\b\i\fs22 Congratulations! GrpIcon is ready to go.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Starting GrpIcon{\v StartingGrpIcon.4}
\par \pard\plain \s252\sb340\keepn \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} StartingGrpIcon.4}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Starting GrpIcon}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Starting GrpIcon;to start grpicon;to start grpicon ;}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION2:0005}} Starting GrpIcon
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To start GrpIcon ;
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-288\li3888\sa48\tx720\tx5040 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\plain \f1\lang1033 \'b7}\tab Double-click on the GrpIcon icon or,
\par {\plain \f1\lang1033 \'b7}\tab Highlight GrpIcon icon and press ENTER or,
\par \pard \s4\fi-288\li3888\sa48\tx720 {\plain \f1\lang1033 \'b7}\tab Select File/Run and type GRPICON in the dialog box.
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 GrpIcon is now active and running in hidden mode.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HowtoUseGrpIcon.5}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} How to Use GrpIcon}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} How to Use GrpIcon;installation;hide;visibility option;dialog controls}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION3:0000}} How to Use GrpIcon
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Upon completion of your successful installation{\v ,} you can start GrpIcon as previously described.  Unless you change the {\ul Visibility Option}{\v\ul GlossVisibilityOption.49}
, GrpIcon does not show an icon when it is running.  The visibility option can be changed by running a second instance of GrpIcon. To hide the visible GrpIcon icon select HIDE from the control menu.  The dialog controls in GrpIcon are standard W
indows 3.1 Common Dialog controls, which are described in your Windows User's Guide.  Please refer to it if you need assistance in navigating the dialog box controls.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Modifying Options{\v ModifyingOptions.6}
\par \pard\plain \s252\sb340\keepn \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ModifyingOptions.6}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Modifying Options}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Modifying Options;modify options;setup modification;group properties menu;icon size}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION3:0005}} Modifying Options
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To view or modify options select {\i "About GrpIcon"} from the {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}
 menu.  The dialog box contains various options which enable setup modification as well as options to change icon size and fonts.  
\par \pard \s11\qj\li1350\sb115\tx2340 \{bmc help0003.bmp\}
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart WexPlaceHolder}{\*\bkmkend WexPlaceHolder}Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Changing Startup Configurations{\v ChangingStartupConfigurations.7}
\par Changing Group Properties Menu Fonts{\v ChangingGroupPropertiesMenuFonts.8}
\par Changing Group Properties Menu Icon Size{\v ChangingGroupPropertiesMenuIconSize.9}
\par On-line Help{\v On.lineHelp.10}
\par Registering GrpIcon{\v RegisteringGrpIcon.11}
\par OK{\v OK.12}
\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ChangingStartupConfigurations.7}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Changing Startup Configurations}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Changing Startup Configurations;startup options;font style;changing group properties menu fonts;character dialog box;changing group properties menu icon size;large icon;small icon;no icon}} Changing Startup Configurations
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To change startup options, font or icon size in the {\i "}{\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}{\i "} menu, select the {\ul OPTIONS button}{\v\ul Caption.25} on the dialog box by clicking on it w
ith the mouse or using the TAB key to select and press ENTER.  The dialog box will now show listboxes to select font style and size and checkboxes to allow changes to the startup configuration. 
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033  If you wish to start GrpIcon on Windows startup check the startup option box, either by; clicking on it with the mouse or, use the TAB + spacebar to select. 
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc help0005.bmp\}
\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ChangingGroupPropertiesMenuFonts.8}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Changing Group Properties Menu Fonts}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Changing Group Properties Menu Fonts}} Changing Group Properties Menu Fonts 
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The option dialog box also features options to change the appearance of the font style, and/or icon size in the {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}
 menu. ( This  changes the font and/or icons in this menu ONLY, it has no affect on any other fonts or icons.)
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To change font style or size, click on the Font button with mouse or, use the TAB+spacebar to select the Font button. 
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 A character dialog box will appear, view and select your font style and size from this box.
\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ChangingGroupPropertiesMenuIconSize.9}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Changing Group Properties Menu Icon Size}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Changing Group Properties Menu Icon Size}} Changing Group Properties Menu Icon Size

\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To change the icon size in the {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37} Menu, 
 click on the icon list box , or TAB + spacebar to select.  You have a choice of  large icons, small icons or no icons.
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc help0006.bmp\}
\par  
\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} On.lineHelp.10}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} On-line Help}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} On-line Help;help button.;installation;grpicon.hlp}} On-line Help
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 On-line Help may be accessed by selecting the {\ul HELP button}{\v\ul Caption.26}.  If this button appears grayed after installation, check the path of the GRPICON.HLP file. It should be in the Windows directory.

\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} RegisteringGrpIcon.11}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Using GrpIcon 2.01 - Modifying Options - Registering GrpIcon}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Registering GrpIcon}} Registering GrpIcon
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 How to Register {\v HowtoRegister.17}
\par \pard\plain \s251\sb216\sa14\keepn \b\i\f13\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OK.12}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 OK}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} OK;installation}} OK
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\i The OK} option allows you to run GrpIcon after installation changes immediately take place, there is no need to restart Windows.  Once the {\ul OK button}{\v\ul Caption.27}
 is pressed the option window will close.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} AssigningGroupIcons.13}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Assigning Group Icons}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Assigning Group Icons;visibility option;hide;files list box,;files list box;icon viewer;exe and dll files;icsicon.exe;reset;reverting to program manager default settings}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} SECTION4:0000}} Assigning Group Icons
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To customize your Program Manager Group icons, follow these steps:
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab Click once on the System Box (in the upper left corner of the window) of any Program Manager Group or using the keyboard type Alt+spacebar.  This will open the Groups' System Menu. 
\par  2.\tab You will notice that a menu option called "{\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul Caption.28}" has been added to the System Menu. Select the {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37} option.
\par 3.\tab The options for the Group Properties Menu read "{\ul Set Icon}{\v\ul GlossSetIcon.44}...", "{\ul Set Color}{\v\ul GlossSetColor.43}", "{\ul Set Wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossSetWallpaper.45}" and "About GrpIcon..."  Select Set Icon.
\par 4.\tab The {\i "Assign Icon to Group"}
 dialog box will appear.  The list box titled "Files" will list files in the current directory.  Use the mouse to navigate through your directory structure with the "Directories" list box. Or use the TAB key to move within the
 dialog box when using the keyboard.
\par \{bmc help0011.bmp\}
\par 5.\tab When a file is highlighted in the Files list box, if the file contains icons, the icons will appear in the {\ul icon viewer}{\v\ul GlossIconViewer.41}
 at the bottom of the dialog box.  Some file formats may contain several icons.  EXE and DLL files generally have icons embedded in them. GrpIcon comes with a {\ul library of icons}{\v\ul Caption.29}
 stored in a file named ICSICON.EXE which is installed with  GrpIcon. 
\par \pard\plain \s4\qj\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 6.\tab  Use the scroll bar on the icon viewer to search forwar
d or backward for other icons, if necessary. When using the keyboard use the TAB key to move within the dialog box and select icons by using the arrow keys, if necessary.
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 7.\tab 
Once a suitable icon is selected, close the dialog box by clicking on OK or pressing  ENTER.  The selected icon is immediately assigned to the active Program Manager Group.  If the dialog box is closed by pressing the ESCAPE or CANCEL button, no change
s will be made to the Group. Do not press the {\ul RESET}{\v\ul Caption.30} button
\par   \{bmc help0012.bmp\}
\par 8.\tab Perform the preceding steps for each Group whose icons you wish to customize.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SettingWallpaperBackground.14}}{\f16  }{\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Setting Wallpaper Background}}{\f16  }{\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Setting Wallpaper Background;bitmap;images subdirectory;bitmap viewer;tile option;window background}}{\f16  }{\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION4:0005}}{\f16  }Setting Wallpaper Background

\par \trowd \trleft720 \cellx3600\cellx10440\pard\plain \s6\ri432\sb122\intbl \i\f13\fs20\lang1033 
\par \cell \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 To {\ul set wallpaper}{\v\ul Caption.31} background to Program Manager Groups:
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\intbl\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab Select the group which the {\ul wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossWallpaper.50} is to be assigned and from the System Menu select {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}
. (Alt+spacebar, using keyboard)
\par 2.\tab Select the "{\ul Set Wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossSetWallpaper.45}{\i " }option and the {\i "Set Wallpaper"} dialog box will appear.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc help0013.bmp\}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 3.\tab To select the Bitmap to be used, locate the {\ul Bitmap file}{\v\ul 
Caption.32} in the File list box. (GrpIcon has installed Bitmaps in the IMAGES subdirectory of the Windows directory.)  Then using the mouse, click on the desired Bitmap and OK or use the TAB+arrow keys to select Bitmap and press ENTER.
\par \pard\plain \s4\qj\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 4.\tab When a Bitmap is highlighted in the Files list box, it will appear in the Bitmap viewer at the bottom of the dialog box. The {\ul Tile option}{\v\ul GlossTileoption.48}
 permits the bitmapped image to be tiled over the entire window background.
\par \{bmc help0014.bmp\}
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 5.\tab Once a suitable Bitmap is selected, click on OK or press ENTER. This will immediately assign the Bitmap to the Group and close the dialog box.  
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 6.\tab Perform the preceding steps for each Group you wish to customize with a wallpaper.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ChangingBackgroundColorsinGroupWindows.15}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Changing Background Colors in Group Windows}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Changing Background Colors in Group Windows;palette;create a custom color.;background colors;custom colors;color refiner cursor;color definer box;hue, sat and lum boxes}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} SECTION4:0010}} Changing Background Colors in Group Windows
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To assign {\ul background colors}{\v\ul GlossBackgroundColors.34} to Program Manager Groups:
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab Select the Group for which the background color is to be assigned and from the System Menu select {\ul Group Pr}{\ul operties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}.
\par 2.\tab Select the Set Colors Option and the {\i "Set Colors"} dialog box will appear.
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 3.\tab Select the background color for the group window. You may select a background color from the existing palette or create a custom color. {\ul \{bmc help0016.bmp\}}{\v\ul Caption.33}
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 4.\tab To create {\ul Custom Colors}{\v\ul GlossCustomColors.35}
\par \pard\plain \s25\fi-360\li1080\sb115\tx1080 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Using the mouse drag the color refiner cursor to the area of the color definer box until the desired color appears in the Color/Solid box.
\par Using the keyboard, type value in the Red, Green and Blue or the Hue, Sat and Lum boxes.
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 5.\tab Once you have the desired color, click on the Add Custom Color. (using the keyboard, TAB+spacebar) The new color  will appear in the Custom Color Box at the bottom of the dialog box.

\par 6.\tab Select the color by clicking on the its' box or TAB to the box and press the spacebar. 
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 7.\tab Once the color is selected, click on OK or press ENTER. This will immediately assign the color to the Group and close the dialog box. 
\par 8.\tab Perform the preceding steps for each group you wish to assign background color.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart ICSIconLibrary}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Inner.CitySoftwareIconLibrary.16}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Inner-City Software Icon Library}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Inner-City Software Icon Library}} {\plain 
\f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION5:0000}} Inner-City Software Icon Library{\*\bkmkend ICSIconLibrary}
\par \pard\plain \s7\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The Inner-City {\ul Icon Library}{\v\ul GlossIconLibrary.40}
 is a file containing a number of icons which can be used as program icons.  When the icon library is opened, it allows for icon replacement by using the Windows drag and drop function.  This function can only be performed using the mouse.  The icon libra
ry is installed in the GrpIcon program group during install. 
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 To use the ICS Icon Library;
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\tab Open the Program Manager group for GrpIcon. Using the mouse, double click on the ICS Icon Library icon.
\par \pard\plain \s11\li2160\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 \{bmc help0017.bmp\}
\par \pard\plain \s4\fi-360\li720\sb115\tx720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 2.\tab Select the icon you wish to use.
\par 3.\tab Click and hold down the mouse button while dragging the icon over the program group you wish to assign to it.
\par 4.\tab Release the mouse button and the icon will be immediately assigned.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart D2HRB4}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HowtoRegister.17}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} How to Register}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} How to Register;bbses;demonstration mode;registering grpicon;technical support;upgrades;discounts}} 
{\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION6:0000}} How to Register {\*\bkmkend D2HRB4}
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 GrpIcon is distributed via BBSes and other channels in its {\i Demonstration Mode.}  {\i Demonstration Mode} allows you to evaluate the complete program without any limitation of fea
tures so that you can make an informed decision as to whether or not you will purchase GrpIcon.  If you purchase GrpIcon, you will receive a Registration Number which will place the program in {\i Operating Mode}
.  The only difference between the two modes is that when GrpIcon is operating as a Demo, it reminds you every now and then that it is running (It was discovered during our Beta Test cycle that the enhancement GrpIcon provides is so natural and commonsens
e that people tend to forget that GrpIcon is there!).
\par Purchasing and registering GrpIcon costs only $20.00 in US currency.  Checks and money orders should be sent to:
\par \pard \s11\qc\sb115 {\fs36\expnd4 \{bmc help0018.bmp\}
\par }\pard \s11\qj\sb115 Registration will entitle you to free technical support, upgrades and discounts on other Inner-City Software products.
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 GrpIcon 2.01 Registration Form{\v GrpIcon2.01RegistrationForm.18}
\par \pard\plain \s252\sb340\keepn \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GrpIcon2.01RegistrationForm.18}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} GrpIcon 2.01 Registration Form}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} GrpIcon 2.01 Registration Form}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION6:0005}} GrpIcon 2.01 Registration Form
\par \pard\plain \s11\sl240 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\i\f2 To register your copy of GrpIcon, print and fill out this form
\par }{\i\f2 (to print select Print Topic in the Help File Menu)
\par }{\i\f2 Send this form a}{\i\f2 nd a check or money order for $20.00 (in US Funds) to Inner-City Software at the address listed below
\par }\pard \s11\sb115 {\plain \f13\lang1033 \{bmc help0019.wmf\}
\par }\pard \s11\sb120\sa120 {\plain \i\f2\lang1033 NAME ________________________________________
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 ADDRESS ____________________________________
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 CITY _________________ STATE_____ ZIP _________
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 TELEPHONE(s) ________________________________
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 OCCUPATION_________________________________ 
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 Let us know where you got GrpIcon,(please be specific)      
\par }\pard \s11\sb115 {\plain \i\f2\lang1033 ____________________________________________   
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 Let us know what you think of GrpIcon
\par }{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 ____}{\plain \i\f2\lang1033 _________________________________________
\par }\pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} WhoWeAre.19}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Who We Are}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Who We Are}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION7:0000}} Who We Are

\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Inner-City Software is a small-time outfit that wants to grow up into a large small-time outfit.  
\par What we mean is, although we want to get big enough so that everyone in the world will be using our stuff someday, we don't want to lose the informality and fun style of the basement programmer's shop that we are today.  The name "Inner-City Software" is 
designed to let you know that this product came to you straight outta the 'hood.  All of the 
people who made this happen are products of various inner-city, predominantly Black neighborhoods throughout the USA.  The reason for making this type of statement is twofold; for those who do not live in the 'hood, we want you to know that there is a lot
 of positive creativity and downright genius in the 'hood.  Just don't expect to read about it in your newspaper - positive news doesn't sell papers.  For those who are in the 'hood, we want to be an inspiration and encouragement to continue learning and 
teaching and reaching, because it {\b IS} true that you can do whatever you set your mind to - don't believe the hype that tells you otherwise!
\par If you really came to this screen to find out about other products and stuff like that, try one of the subjects below:
\par \pard \s11\sb115 {\uldb Other Inner-City Software Product Offerings}{\v\uldb OtherInner.CitySoftwareProductOfferings.20}{\b\f2 
\par }\pard \s11\qj\sb115 {\uldb Product Catalog}{\v\uldb ProductCatalog.21}{\b\f2 
\par }{\uldb Mailing List}{\v\uldb MailingList.22}{\b\f2 
\par }And if you are still reading this and are interested in finding out more about the mission of Inner-City Software and how you may be able to help us fulfill our mission, then click on the little logo below.
\par {\uldb \{bmc help0020.bmp\}}{\v\uldb Inner.CitySoftware.sMissionandHowUCanHelp.23}
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart D2HRB0}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OtherInner.CitySoftwareProductOfferings.20}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Other Inner-City Software Product Offerings}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Other Inner-City Software Product Offerings}} 
{\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION7:0005}} Other Inner-City Software Product Offerings{\*\bkmkend D2HRB0}
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
As of the date of this release, GrpIcon is the only released product bearing the Inner-City Software name.  Last year, we did NoDOS (the 'DOS' Icon Eliminator), but we sold that product to someone else.  Oh yeah, we also have a couple of freebie programs 
out there, like the ("I'll Be Back")
 Terminator that talks to you, and the Windows 3.1 Control Panel Applet for After Dark, and PFBFix, a font utility we did last year, but GrpIcon is really it right now.  We are about halfway complete with a WONDERFUL set of utilities that will complement 
GrpIcon and make life with Windows even more simple, fun and useful.  Stay tuned for further details.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart D2HRB1}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ProductCatalog.21}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Product Catalog}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Product Catalog}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} SECTION7:0010}} Product Catalog{\*\bkmkend D2HRB1}
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 There ain't one yet.  When there is, you'll get it in the mail if you are a registered user of any Inner-City Software product.
\par \pard\plain \s253\sb362\sa43\keepn \b\f13\fs36\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart D2HRB2}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MailingList.22}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Mailing List}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Mailing List}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 SECTION7:0015}} Mailing List{\*\bkmkend D2HRB2}
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
Whenever a new product comes out, we will drop you a line if you have registered anything with us.  It is not really economically feasible to send out letters for upgrades for $20 packages, but if we get our act together and put out some higher-ticket stu
ff, then we can afford to send out letters for everything!
\par \pard\plain \s3\sb120\sa60 \b\f13\cf2\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart D2HRB3}Related Topics:
\par \pard\plain \s231\li720 \f13\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Inner-City Software's Mission and How U Can Help{\v Inner.CitySoftware.sMissionandHowUCanHelp.23}
\par \pard\plain \s252\sb340\keepn \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart InnerCitySoftware}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Inner.CitySoftware.sMissionandHowUCanHelp.23}} {\plain 
\f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Inner-City Software's Mission and How U Can Help}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Inner-City Software's Mission and How U Can Help}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} SECTION7:0020}} Inner-City Software's Mission and How U Can Help{\*\bkmkend D2HRB3}
\par \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\*\bkmkend InnerCitySoftware}Inn
er-City Software is committed to developing profitable hi-tech computer-based businesses within the inner city communities of America.  At this time, the development and marketing of computer software programs is our primary vehicle for achieving this mis
sion.  Our short-term game plan is to penetrate the market with our existing products, and then to expand our operation to provide training in computer programming and literacy from the junior-high school level on up.  We believe in self-determination and
 are confident that people will do for themselves and break the vicious cycles of dependency that have been developed in our inner-city communities if and only if the following things happen:
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx1242\cellx6672\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 1.\cell They are convinced that they do have a chance to be somebody\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx1242
\cellx6672\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 2.\cell They have access to role models of success with whom they can identify\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 3.\cell 
They are encouraged by persons they respect to work towards self-dependency\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 4.\cell They are given tools and techniques that they can use to become independent
\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx1242\cellx6672\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 5.\cell They 
have a support system to help keep them on track and counterbalance the negative society in which we live.\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s11\qj\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 
Our goal is to eventually provide all of these benefits to whomever chooses to work with us.
\par To achieve our short-term goals, we need to complete the two dozen or so product ideas which are under development or still on the drawing board, and we need to get these ideas out as soon as possible.  For this to happen, we need to be able to work on th
ese projects 24 hours a day instead of just evenings 
and weekends, as is the present case.  In other words, we need to secure adequate financing to support a couple of programmers and a clerical/marketing person.  To that end, we are working on a formal business plan which is targeted for completion by Sept
ember 1993.  For a first round of financing, we will be soliciting a relatively small amount of money, which will be used primarily to cover living expenses while we work on developing a market presence in the computer software industry.  If you or someon
e you know are curious about the possibility of investing in Inner-City Software, please contact Kenny G. at (800) 538-6946 anytime.  Together, we can become part of the solution.  Peace.
\par \pard\plain \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f2 Credits:}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 The following persons contributed directly to the Inner-City Software product that you are using right now:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947\cellx9807\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f2 Who}\cell {\b\f2 What}\cell \pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947\cellx9807\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Kenny G.}{\b\f2 \cell }{\f2 Product concept, program coding and debugging}{\b\f2 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 MC Darryl D\cell }{\f2 
Coding assistance on several app and DLL routines\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Donna Watkins\cell }{\f2 For clerical and moral support and good ideas\cell }\pard\plain \intbl 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Mich}{\f2 ele Brooks & Kulaj Enterprises\cell }{\f2 For Windows Help and the Manual\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947
\cellx9807\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Hi-Fi Rick, Howie, Patrick, Ted and Jim\cell }{\f2 For Beta testing and suggestions\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard {\b\f2 Acknowledgments and Thanks:}{\f2 
\par }{\f2 I would like to thank the following persons and organizations that have been helpful in some way or another to making this product and Inner-City Software a reality:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947\cellx9807\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f2 Thanks To:}{\f2 \cell }{\b\f2 For:}{\f2 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947\cellx9807\pard\plain 
\s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Blaise Computing}{\b\f2 \cell }{\f2 For providing the basis for the ICS Custom Controls - they are based on the Blaise Windows Control Palette library}{\b\f2 \cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row 
\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Eric Granderson}{\f2 \cell }{\f2 For introducing me to the Science of Personal Achievement\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 
Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity\cell }{\f2 The Yo\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 
Marcus Garvey, The Honorable Elijah Muhammad, Napoleon Hill, Martin Luther King Jr, El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz (aka Malcolm X)\cell }{\f2 Their life's work\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 
Microsoft Developer Support\cell }{\f2 Sample source code\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Bill Gates\cell }{\f2 Windows and for keeping my future office warm\cell }\pard\plain \intbl 
\f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Pizza Market\cell }{\f2 Deliveries 'til 3am\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Mike Neumann\cell }{\f2 
For constant encouragement and negotiations with our first corporate client\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 Mom & Dad\cell }{\f2 Good raising}{\f2 
 and all the support and encouragement that one could ask for\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 The Captain\cell }{\f2 Positive energy, kindred spirit and business plan assistance\cell 
}\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft612 \cellx4947\cellx9807\pard\plain \s7\sb115\intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 The Honorable Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam\cell }{\f2 
For continuous wake-up calls and reminders of the condition of the have-nots of America\cell }\pard\plain \intbl \f13\fs20\lang1033 \row \pard {\f2 
And of course, I want to thank you for using this program, whether you register it or not.  The mere fact that you like the program and continue to use it is an affirmation of the marketability of my ideas.  If there was som}{\f2 
ething missing in the program that caused you to decide not to register it, you thought it was not worth registering, or whatever, please feel free to call toll-free at (800) 538-6946 with your comments or suggestions.  Your feedback will help make the ne
}{\f2 xt Inner-City Software product better, and maybe I will get you to kick out the cash next time!
\par }{\f2 \{bmc help0021.bmp\}
\par }{\f2 Peace.
\par }{\f2 \{bmc help0022.bmp\}
\par }\pard\plain \s8 \b\f13\fs48\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 {\*\bkmkstart StopChecking}{\*\bkmkend StopChecking}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossaryOfTerms.24}} {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Glossary of Terms}} Glossary of Terms
\par \pard\plain \s22\li720 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\ul {\*\bkmkstart GlossarySection}{\*\bkmkend GlossarySection}Background Colors}{\v\ul GlossBackgroundColors.34}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Custom Colors}{\v\ul GlossCustomColors.35}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Group Icon}{\v\ul GlossGroupIcon.36}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Group Properties Menu Fonts}{\v\ul GlossGroupPropertiesMenuFonts.38}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Group Properties Menu Icon Size}{\v\ul GlossGroupPropertiesMenuIconSize.39}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Icon Library}{\v\ul GlossIconLibrary.40}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Icon Viewer}{\v\ul GlossIconViewer.41}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Reset}{\v\ul GlossReset.42}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Set Color}{\v\ul GlossSetColor.43}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Set Icon}{\v\ul GlossSetIcon.44}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Set Wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossSetWallpaper.45}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Startup Configurations}{\v\ul GlossStartupConfigurations.46}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Test Drive}{\v\ul GlossTestDrive.47}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Tile option}{\v\ul GlossTileoption.48}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Visibility Option}{\v\ul GlossVisibilityOption.}{\v\ul 49}{\ul 
\par }{\ul Wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossWallpaper.50}{\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossBackgroundColors.34}} Background Colors
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Colors displayed in window background or desktop.
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossCustomColors.35}} Custom Colors
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Option which allows you to modify colors to be used as {\ul background colors}{\v\ul GlossBackgroundColors.34}.
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossGroupIcon.36}} Group Icon
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The icon that represents a group in Program Manager when the group window is minimized.
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossGroupProperties.37}} Group Properties
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Added to the Control menu by GrpIcon.  The Group Property Menu contains options to change icons, {\ul set color}{\v\ul GlossSetColor.43} and {\ul wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossWallpaper.50}, as well as {\ul 
startup configurations}{\v\ul GlossStartupConfigurations.46}.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossGroupPropertiesMenuFonts.38}} Group Properties Menu Fonts
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The Fonts that appear in the {\ul Group Properties}{\v\ul GlossGroupProperties.37} menu can be modified using the FONT option in the Option dialog box.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossGroupPropertiesMenuIconSize.39}} Group Properties Menu Icon Size
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 The Options Dialog box has an option which changes the size of icons or eliminates icons in the Group Properties Menu.
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossIconLibrary.40}} Icon Library
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Contains a number of icons and allows assignment of icon using the drag and drop function.
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossIconViewer.41}} Icon Viewer
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Allows you to view icons before assigning it to a Program Manager Group..  
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossReset.42}} Reset
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Reverts icons and background colors and wallpaper to Program Manager defaults
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossSetColor.43}} Set Color
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Menu option which allows you to change the background colors of Program Manager group windows.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossSetIcon.44}} Set Icon
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Option which allows you to {\ul set icon}{\v\ul GlossSetIcon.44} for Program Manager group
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossSetWallpaper.45}} Set Wallpaper
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Menu option which allows you to display a background  bitmapped image in Program Manager windows.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossStartupConfigurations.46}} Startup Configurations
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Allows you to select how and when GrpIcon will start.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossTestDrive.47}} Test Drive
\par \pard\plain \s11\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Closes the About dialog box .
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossTileoption.48}} Tile option
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Allows bitmapped images to be tiled to cover group window background.
\par \pard\plain \s250 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossVisibilityOption.49}} Visibility Option
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 Allows you the option to have the GrpIcon icon visible while it is running. 
\par \pard\plain \s250\ri-4860 \b\f13\fs28\lang1033 {\plain \f13\fs16\up6\lang1033 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} GlossWallpaper.50}} Wallpaper
\par \pard\plain \s16\ri-4860\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 A bitmapped image displayed in window or desktop background.
\par \pard \s16\sb115 {\fs16\up6 {\*\bkmkstart WexCurrentSection}{\*\bkmkend WexCurrentSection}\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.25}} \{bmc help0004.bmp\}
\par {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.26}} {\i \{bmc help0007.bmp\}
\par }{\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.27}} {\i \{bmc help0009.bmp\}
\par }{\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.28}} \{bmc help0010.bmp\}The "Set Icon" menu option lets you change Program Manager Group Icons.
\par {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.29}} The Inner-City {\ul Icon Library}{\v\ul GlossIconLibrary.40}, when opened, will allow you to change the {\ul group icon}{\v\ul GlossGroupIcon.36}
 of a minimized group by dragging and dropping.(see "Inner" {\uldb Inner-City Software Icon Library}{\v\uldb Inner.CitySoftwareIconLibrary.16})
\par \pard\plain \s6\ri432\sb122 \i\f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.30}} The {\ul RESET}{\v\ul GlossReset.42} button will revert icon to Program Manager default icon.
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb115 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.31}} The "{\ul Set Wallpaper}{\v\ul GlossSetWallpaper.45}
" option can be used to define wallpaper for Program Manager Groups. 
\par {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.32}} You can create your own wallpaper, just be sure to save it as a bit mapped image.
\par {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f13\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Caption.33}} \{bmc help0015.bmp\}
The "Set Color" option launches the Choose Color Common Dialog, which is also available in Control Panel.  All controls work identically as in Control Panel.
\par 
\par }